hello ladies and gentlemen welcome to a
new Ultimate Team two player series
where we play to win we showed no mercy
did you show mercy no do we show mercy
no do we show mercy maybe a little no
good so this is this this series the
squid spin the boot because every time
we win two games we are allowed to spin
the boot and we have a possibility of
gaining or losing whatever the boot
falls on so you're gonna find out about
that if we win two games in a row so
this is the current squad no feel free
to pause and take a look away we've got
dead a we've got say the offer got zero
Berto Janine you we've got the one and
only Rafael CBC's being upgraded leandro
damião elkeson and many more Felipe so
let's just get straight to the first
match students let's do this oh who the
thief ah this guy's gonna win to do I
them back off run oh how awful SAP
surprise it's not working me it's not
working how much do you think we're
gonna win by I'm gonna say two to nil
yeah I say 6000 coming this time
synchronized boom or two to one oh no
what the hell you doing you just ruined
it you ruined my dream sorry hey you I'm
sorry ah you sushi letting this can do
this ya know what the hell happened whoa
nice fake it's just a key from the low
key people can pick up the wall look yet
it you can't kick out all the keepers
boobs I mean I you could kick out to
keep his hands that's fake now I know
you're thinking about okay look at it
there's a black guy there's a black
gayness in the middle so so I say
there's a black guy in middle and you
get so scared you give it to the pony
black people are scary hey don't ever
see one you black yourself
um yeah that's why this is good can you
expand your action when you look and
move them um it's normally a scream or a
cry for help oh snap is it we're doin
we're drawing this guy no we are
not having this no we are going to win
this season you know right come stop
stop running so fast let me catch up let
me catch up stop probably so far hey
dude one ah why did you just I said stop
running so fast I wasn't worth it it's
such a failure man maybe you need to run
faster I come on because you will grow
faster bees has it stopped running I
wasn't sprint analysis just stop trying
let me catch up man you're not good at
this are you no no I'm not being racist
just black really your explanation is
basically the controller slipped out of
my hands but you're still holding it
I'll sake need to stop messing around oh
okay 89 pace guys catching up he's
catching up he's catching up p.s see
that you need to invest in a 90 pace
defender okay where is it Henry oh my
god for house they pay no heed i watch
me save it watch watch the mouse save it
add of the right way did he say like
yeah nice decision say coffee oh no
there's no way we're losing against this
guy who's this guy how are we losing
against the scare of his broad squad who
does he think he is we can't lose our
first game lovely pass it's a link-up
play now it's clever gives it a rough i
also beasts so beasts so pieces fruit oh
cuz i come see that one two three
oh oh and we cross Charles you see that
you take me yeah have lab hey Chrissy
the whole like
it's time for us to get our revenge even
if it's not the same yes yeah
take my anger someone you know I've been
a problem was a little player in the
black kid mmm that's me it's time yeah
we need to go why are you here are you
worried ok let's do a micro Jetson let's
go away the dirt on Michael Jackson and
listen to even judge their squad you
know I'm not closing my eyes I'm not
looking close your eyes
you